content/page/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About"
date = 2015-04-03T02:13:50Z
author = "My Name"
description = "Things about me."
+++

## About

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean nec dolor in magna lobortis egestas. Suspendisse eu erat tempor, tristique neque eu, convallis nulla. Curabitur vel bibendum lacus, at semper mauris. Suspendisse aliquet commodo ex, sed sagittis metus aliquam id. Maecenas feugiat rutrum lorem vel imperdiet. Nullam ornare lectus ut enim finibus, et porttitor mi tincidunt. Aenean lacinia, leo quis vehicula eleifend, quam libero sagittis erat, at euismod augue mauris et sapien. Sed id vehicula lectus, sit amet auctor ipsum. Nunc sed massa vel ex condimentum aliquam in a enim. Cras enim sem, tristique eu enim ac, congue commodo mi. Integer quis orci at dolor blandit eleifend.

## School

Sed quis pulvinar nisi, sed dapibus lacus. Mauris tempus ex ut ipsum facilisis interdum. Integer feugiat urna sed feugiat tempor. Quisque dictum vestibulum feugiat. Nunc nec est volutpat lorem imperdiet egestas sit amet ut orci. Aliquam venenatis neque ipsum, a placerat lectus cursus at. Donec pellentesque tellus hendrerit faucibus posuere. Etiam gravida consequat lectus, volutpat consectetur velit convallis nec. Praesent sagittis luctus dignissim.

Commit message:

edited about and contact data

content/page/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About"
date = 2021-11-18T11:36:50Z
author = "Roy Jonuk"
description = "Things about me."
+++

## About

I am a mostly self-taught web developer, a painter, a writer, and an aspiring musician when I have spare time. Most web development technology I have learnt on my own time using online resources. My favorite programming language to work with is Ruby! But I have fun with C++, Python, or Javascript all the same

## School

College of New Caledonia - 2017 to 2020
I was a student at CNC for three years, at the time, I did not know exactly what I intended to focus on so I took a broad range of courses, mostly Sciences or English. I enjoyed computer science when I took it but I wasn't sure if I wanted to persue it further and switched to an arts degree with dreams of writing a novel. During this switch I took a year to complete the trades carpentry program offered at CNC, which still happens to be my "Highest" level of education.

Vancouver Island University - 2021 to Present
I currently am a student at VIU focusing heavily on computer science and software development. During the beginning of the Coronavirus pandemic I had a lot of time to think about what I wanted to do as a career, and began looking more at software development. I spent many months happily learning different languages and technologies and realised that this kinda of rewarding development experience is what I wanted to do. I am now happily enrolled in CSCI classes at VIU and am thuroughly enjoying a solidified sense of direction I never had before when I was studying at CNC.
